New Dashboard Ordering Resource that Includes Support for Dashboard Folders (#132)
squaredup/terraform-provider-squaredup: docs/resources/dashboard_ordering.md

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "squaredup_dashboard_ordering Resource - squaredup"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

>   Manage the order of dashboards in a workspace. It also allows you to create dashboard folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specify the order of dashboards and folders on the navigation bar for a given workspace.
```

---

# squaredup_dashboard_ordering (Resource)

> Manage the order of dashboards in a workspace. It also allows you to create dashboard folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the order of dashboards and folders on the navigation bar for a given workspace.
```

  dashboard_template = <<EOT
{
  "_type": "layout/grid",
  "columns": 4,
  "contents": [
    {
      "i": "07bb1be5-e210-4fa1-81e7-728a750ed247",
      "x": 0,
      "y": 0,
      "w": 4,
      "h": 2,
      "config": {
        "title": "",
        "description": ""
      }
    }
  ]
}
EOT
}

resource "squaredup_dashboard" "application3" {
  workspace_id       = squaredup_workspace.application_workspace.id
  display_name       = "Application 3"
  dashboard_template = <<EOT
{
  "_type": "layout/grid",
  "columns": 4,
  "contents": [
    {
      "i": "07bb1be5-e210-4fa1-81e7-728a750ed247",
      "x": 0,
      "y": 0,
      "w": 4,
      "h": 2,
      "config": {
        "title": "",
        "description": ""
      }
    }
  ]
}
EOT
}

resource "random_uuid" "application_1_folder_id" {}

resource "random_uuid" "app1_api_folder_id" {}

resource "squaredup_dashboard_ordering" "example_ordering" {
  workspace_id = squaredup_workspace.application_workspace.id
  # Example with dashboards in top level and nested folders
  # Folders needs to be as an object with name, id and dashboardIdOrder
  # dashboardIdOrder is a list of dashboard ids or nested folders

>   order = jsonencode([

Reviewer: 👍🏻

    {
      name = "Application 1"
      id   = random_uuid.application_1_folder_id.result
      dashboardIdOrder = [
        {
          name = "API"
          id   = random_uuid.app1_api_folder_id.result
          dashboardIdOrder = [
            squaredup_dashboard.application1_api.id
          ]
        },
        squaredup_dashboard.application1.id
      ]
    },
    squaredup_dashboard.application2.id,
    squaredup_dashboard.application3.id
  ])
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `order` (String) The order of the dashboards and folders in the workspace.
- `workspace_id` (String) The ID of the workspace to manage.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the workspace.

> - `last_updated` (String) The last time the workspace order was updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `last_updated` (String) The last time the workspace was updated.
```
